Add public Vale configuration (#287)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/structure/topic-types/tutorial/index.md

   ```

   {{%admonition type="note" %}}

>    Create the `cascade` field if it does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Create the `cascade` field if it doesn't exist.
```
